Welcome back.
In this video we're going to add Feme support for post from nails and this will allow users wenck written
a new post to also upload a featured image to make the post look a little bit nicer So it's not just
plain text.
So the way to do that is we need to go to all functions dot P P and then we need to aahed theme support
for post from Knowles.
So go to functions doppie P.
And then back up to the top wood in the set up we do this in a similar way to the feeds and the title
type that we added up the start.
So in the set up and Feme support.
And then inside the brackets we're go to put in the post for nails.
And the semicolon and save that sound old included theme support.
If I go over to the WordPress dashboard and then we go into the blog section.
Choose one of the blog posts and then select edit post.
And then scroll down to the bottom.
You should see that there's now a featured image box appeared.
McCain uses to set an image to attach to the post so just select that gravel upload files or can use
the midi library self and almagor going to go to the select files in the upload section and then on
the desktop in the boost up folder and the images have include an image called the full nailed jape.
So we can use our few ones.
Well you can choose one of your own and then you can put some old text or lake image and then set the
featured image and then upload the update the post along with a back into the blog and just do one more.
You stand on to select the second post.
Then add the featured image in the same way.
Stand with Dish go to the media library and use the same one.
If you want and then set and update.
So if you go onto the blog at the minute dont worry that you can see the image just yet.
Theres a couple of little steps we need to take first.
So go to the index stop his HP.
And then we need to look for the exempt which is the text.
So scroll down to the page Pete's eyes with the excerpt.
To show the image just above the excerpt.
Open up the page petersburg's.
And then we set the post thumbnail.
The buckets and the semicolon and save that and refresh the browser Now we should get the images appear
in.
So there we go.
So theres the first two images that we said before.
And this just makes the post look a lot better.
So I can add a little bit more colour to the post.
OK it's that's added to the index page but we've also got blog post appearing in the news page.
And also he singled up his HP.
So go over to the index page and copy the post from now.
And then if you go on the single lockpick HP.
And this time rather than exert its will go just above the content.
And of get to save.
And also in the page news this will go just above the excerpt.
So paste your own and save.
OK I guess I should now be aware images displayed on the post in the news.
The index and also the single page if you want to change the default size of the image that displays
can do that in the dashboard.
So head over to the dashboard settings and then media.
And you can set the default images for the for mail medium or large.
And if you want to set for example the fourmile as the default image in the blog.
Head over to the blog and then in the index page.
Would then put inside the brackets.
The form nail and then save that.
And then if you refresh the block wish nugget the small mail image by default.
And you can do the same for medium or large bore.
I'm showing it to lead off for now.
And just leave the stand that image size.
So this page is nearly done just a little bit.
C S S to what so I add it when I saw margin to the bottom of the image and also make the image 100 percent
of the container sort of go into the style dotsie assess.
And they will are this in the blog section.
Take a look for the blog section and then at the bottom of this section we can reuse the blog post class.
But then select the image.
What's a margin onto the bottom of the image.
Just 20 pixels and set the width of the image to be 100 percent.
So save then refresh the blog.
That's looking a lot better and nutters now finish with the blog section so I'll see in the next video.
Well add the word press menu to the footer.